
>[! Tip] GoalI want a list of the best medium-length hikes within two hours of San
Francisco.
Each hike should provide a cool and unique adventure, and be lesser
known.

>[! Abstract] Return Format
>For each hike, return the name of the hike as I'd find it on AllTrails,
then provide the starting address of the hike, the ending address of
the hike, distance, drive time, hike duration, and what makes it a cool
and unique adventure.
Return the top 3.

>[!warning] Warning
>Be careful to make sure that the name of trail is correct, that it
actually exists, and that the time is correct.

>[!TLDR] Context Dump
>For context: my girlfriend and i hike a ton! we've done pretty much
all of the local SF hikes, whether that's presidio or golden gate park.
we definitely want to get out of town -- we did mount tam pretty
recently, the whole thing from the beginning of the stairs to stinson -- it was really long and we are definitely in the mood for something
different this weekend! ocean views would still be nice. we love
delicious food. one thing i loved about the mt tam hike is that it ends
with a celebration (Arriving in town to breakfast!) The old missile
silos and stuff near Discovery point is cool but I've just done that
hike probably 20x at this point. We won't be seeing eachother for a
few weeks (she has to stay in LA for work) so the uniqueness here really counts.


Here are the four essential pillars:  
1. Set a clear goal – First of all, know what you expect from the answer. The more specific the request, the better the result.  
  
2. Determine the format of the answer – Need a list? A summary? A table? Reporting this to the AI prevents disorganized responses and saves time.  
  
3. Establish rules and restrictions – What should AI avoid? Is there anything that can't be mentioned? These limits act as drivers to keep the response in line with your need.  
  
4. Provide context – The more relevant information you offer, the more personalized and useful the response will be. Contextualizing AI is like giving someone detailed instructions before starting a task.  
  
The key to smarter interactions with AI lies in the way we structure our questions. Try this approach and see the difference! 💡  
